Welcome to this edition of the Yahowah Blog.
I'm your host, Craig Wynn.
We're here in the library studio with
Wookie,
who just had his fill of green tea.
We're returning to an amazing prophecy,
one that I had decided to examine because
I wanted to demonstrate that when the
prophet Yashayah and Moshe spoke of the
Shabuwah harvest,
that he was discussing the in-gathering of
souls and that the people who were
gathered in would be so few and so
disconnected from the power structure of
society, from religion and politics,
that for the most part,
they wouldn't be missed.
Well, that's all there,
and it is profoundly important,
and we're working up to that statement as
we make our way through the fifty-sixth
chapter of Isaiah.
What else we found is riveting.
Some of the most specific, pertinent,
interesting prophecies we have ever read.
And so with Wookie here doing his best
to steal the camera,
mugging for the camera there, pal,
we will continue.
It says that those who are acting like
Wookies,
who are pretending to be watchmen,
who were assigned as lookouts, well,
unlike the Wookie, they're blind.
All of them are ignorant and they are
opposed to Yada.
They lack understanding.
They are without revelation.
They are unaware, unable to teach,
and therefore they're clueless.
They are not, yada.
They are universally contemptible,
rife with emotion, akin to dumb dogs,
incapable of intelligent speech,
while they are without the capacity to
understand or the ability to prevail.
And they will not succeed as they are
utterly incompetent,
unable even to bark intelligently,
panting while dreaming and thus
hallucinating, lying about and around,
smitten with their inactivity and lack of
awareness.
And so these overly emotional whores are,
malcontents have an intensely fierce soul,
stubborn and self-willed.
They will never acknowledge that they have
gone too far,
never admitting that they are gluttonous
and unrestrained, as they are insatiable,
never able to be satisfied.
Those acting as if they were shepherds
clamoring for authorization
wanting to write themselves into the story
to lead and to feed the flock are
not yada.
Because they are ignorant,
because they are irrational,
they're devoid of understanding,
neither perceiving nor comprehending and
thus lacking the capacity to make
intelligent connections,
which is how we come to understand.
All of them have turned to their own
way
every person after their ill-gotten gain
and dishonest advantage,
acting as if they were thieves,
without exception or restraint,
and to the very end,
even to their demise.
YasHayah, fifty-six, ten and eleven.
When we just read this,
and if you didn't know what was following,
where God's going to be very exacting as
to who this is being ascribed to,
you would say, well,
it might fit a number of different people.
There have been lots of people throughout
time who have claimed to be watchmen who
are actually blind.
I have no idea what's happening around
them.
The rabbis of the first century,
when Dowd returned to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
would be described as such.
And it says that all of them are
just ignorant and they're opposed to
Yada.
And if you were not to deal with
Yada in this statement and in the next,
you might be of the...
contention that, well,
there's lots of people who have been
ignorant and irrational.
Look around X today and you will find
a plethora of them.
But the fact that this was written so
as to say they are actually opposed to
Yada really does narrow in on a certain
contingency of malcontent individuals.
Now,
it says here that they are just
universally contemptible.
They're rife with emotion.
They're akin to dung dogs.
They're incapable of intelligent speech.
This is, again,
pervasive amongst the anti-Semites,
the Christians, the Muslims and the Magas,
as well as the Marxists.
on social media.
So we do see a lot of this
and it may have been meant here to
be very widespread.
And it says here,
they just completely lack the capacity to
understand.
That's my view.
I'm become more and more accommodating of
idiots posting, particularly on Facebook.
Because they do such a marvelous job of
exposing really how utterly incompetent
and irrational, ignorant they are.
And so it's entertaining.
They don't even know how to bark
intelligently.
They're hallucinating all the time.
Smitten with their own...
sense of worth when they're not only
insatiable,
but they're totally and completely
unconstrained.
God says that, you know,
they are emotional whores.
They're fierce, mean-spirited, stubborn,
self-willed, never,
ever acknowledging they're wrong.
Boy,
have we ever seen that in both religious
and political communities.
You know, today when
We're in the aftermath of Trump invading
Venezuela,
capturing their leader and hauling him off
to New York and saying that he now
runs Venezuela,
stealing their oil and silver.
And you hear all those people that are
parenting this great thing as a victory
and pounding their chests.
And you just say,
when did the world become this grossly
immoral that kidnapping
that thievery,
that aggression against another nation is
celebrated.
It's something we see though on and on
again throughout social media.
And I know it's exceedingly pervasive in
society apart from that today.
But of course it is also pervasive.
amongst this rebellious group of
malcontents that claim to be speaking for
a mother God.
And that's the group that Yahowah was going
to zero in on momentarily.
And they're the ones who are pretending
that they're acting as shepherds.
They're clamoring to find themselves
authorized.
They were driven to find themselves
written somewhere in God's story.
They wanted to be Yada, but God says,
you're not Yada.
which again,
zeroes in on a particularly cantankerous
group of misguided characters.
And when you read what they write,
it's obvious they have no capacity to make
intelligent connections and they're damn
near dumb as stones.
And God's saying, yeah,
they all turn their own way.
They're after their own ill-gotten gain.
They're trying to make these things out
for their advantages.
They're acting like crooks and thieves,
and there is no restraint,
and they're going to continue to be
belligerent right to their demise.
I would say that prior to the Mother
Goddess Rebellion last year,
In previous,
to returning to Yashayah fifty-six and
fifty-seven to validate the nature of the
Shabuwah harvest,
this malevolent clique has been trying to
misappropriate everything that I have
learned and shared as yada over these past
twenty to twenty-four years.
And I have perceived this rebuke as a
genuine criticism of those who are lost,
who have returned to their conspiratorial
past.
Now,
especially cognizant of what follows in
the next chapter of Yashayah,
where God is absolutely explicit,
where there is no question as to who
he is talking about.
And the utter irrationality of those
trying to undermine Yahowah's nakar.
I realize that this is specific knowledge.
to a particularly dumb and blind
contingency of ignorant women.
So I'm not going to pretend otherwise.
I have read the entirety of God's rebuke.
And they have foolishly presented
themselves as if they were enlightened,
as if they were moral,
as if they were beacons of brilliance and
watchmen of sorts,
but they are so desperate
to be Yara,
that they malign the one who earned that
distinction with Yahowah long ago.
All the while,
the more they protest and post,
the more apparent it becomes that they
lack the capacity to understand much of
anything pursuant to God.
They are as Yahowah has and will continue
to depict them,
smitten with themselves because they are
hallucinating.
Well, they're largely psychotic,
lacking genuine empathy.
They are an overly emotional, reactionary,
and thoughtless brood.
And because they are so mean-spirited and
vicious and particularly self-willed,
while recklessly stubborn,
there is no appeasing them or satiating
them.
They are unrestrained.
They are insatiable in their cravings.
and their desire to be seen as credible
even more lusting to be perceived as if
they were shepherds instead of wolves and
as much as their sole motivation is to
replace me they are as far from being
yada as were Paul Akiba and Muhammad
Even when their dubious and obvious
failures to make intelligent connections
are shared, explained,
they show no capacity to learn or correct
their mistakes.
They made a post on turning Yahowah's name
into Mother Goddess,
and they made three citations from the
Torah to demonstrate their point.
And I wrote a hundred and twenty-five page
essay
going right to the same passages that they
quoted from and sharing all of it in
context to prove overwhelmingly,
irrefutably,
that the very passages that they cited to
justify their creation of a mother goddess
and to turn God's name into a duality
were packed with nothing but lies.
And yet they learned nothing from it.
They're incapable of learning.
They're incapable of doing what one must
do if you're going to earn God's trust.
You need to know when you're wrong,
correct, and move on from there,
but they can't.
They have turned to their own way,
to their goddess mythology,
seeking recognition.
They have assured themselves that their
only acknowledgments are going to be what
follows.
rebukes and condemnations.
Not only did the queen of this goddess
cult steal tens of thousands from me and
other covenant members as well.
They are currently misappropriating my
translation style,
which is exceedingly unique.
My transliterations,
which are also unique,
all to pass themselves off as if they
were me.
but they're not yada according to God.
It's so bad that their most repeated
hashtag is my name, Craig Wynn,
followed by yada and yada Yahowah.
Now they can't prevail or attract an
audience on their own nonsense.
So what they do is they peddle my
name.
After twenty four years of work,
what can they steal from me and from
God?
It is thievery.
just as Yahowah foretold,
and it will result in a very bad
outcome for them.
Now,
should you be of the impression that I'm
making too much of a gaggle of goons,
I'd normally be prone to concur.
I see them as insignificant and wholly
in-congruent with God's testimony,
ignorant and irrational.
But since Yahowah sees them differently,
Oh, sure, he sees them as ignorant.
He sees them as irrational.
He sees them as in-congruent with his
testimony.
But this is the longest diatribe from God,
the longest continuous condemnation of any
individual found anywhere in the Torah and
prophets,
and it's directed at a singular woman.
So God views the importance of rebuking
her.
And we're going to follow God's example,
his lead, and go where his words lead.
And we're going to pursue them to their
natural conclusion,
which is truly amazing.
Something I never thought I would witness.
There isn't and never has been anything
like what is found at yadayah.com.
are within the yada Yahowah series and the
Yahowah vlog the unparalleled amplifications
these translations this copious
explanation the illustrative commentary
and the many thousands upon thousands of
unheralded insights reintroduce Yahowah's
name
establish Dowd as our savior,
explain the purpose of the Beryth covenant
and the Mowedym restoring witnesses,
provide an accurate timeline of events,
and renounce religion.
They also, more importantly,
direct all who visit to Yahowah.
And from Yahowah's perspective and his
viewpoint,
that resonates throughout
This portion of Yasha'Yah,
this message is not only essential at this
time,
there is only one through whom it is
being correctly conveyed.
Yahowah introduced this by saying,
I am bringing, I am supporting,
I am introducing you to,
I will deliver my Tsadaqah.
He is ha-Nakar, the observant foreigner.
So God is all in when it comes
to protecting and supporting the implement
through whom he has chosen to work.
Now there are upwards of a thousand
prophecies which convey this same message.
I am the one God has chosen and
equipped to convey his testimony,
announce his return and reconcile the
fractured family.
And as this prophecy has already foretold,
Even pondering the possibility of this
tree of knowledge withering and failing to
produce fruit is wholly unacceptable to
God.
And so he is pulling the weeds.
He's removing the toxins.
Now, considering the broader implications,
when we survey the totality of the abuse
which has been directed towards Israel and
Jews by nations and religions,
the most menacing institution of all has
actually been Judaism.
the worst of a bad lot,
and the worst of the worst are the
Haredim,
living as parasites while misrepresenting
Yahowah, His Beryth, Torah, and then Son.
And if not for rabbis,
of course there would be no Christianity
and no Islam to distort Yahowah's message.
And while the rabbis will continue to
conspire,
they will soon come to regret what they've
done.
Not because the casualties they have
inflicted,
they don't care about those lost Jewish
souls,
but because there will be recompense and
they will pay.
And especially humiliating for them,
the boy they will come to despise is
the one who is assigned to judging them.
Now fortunately for many,
between now and then,
there will be a harvest and a gleaning
of the covenant children on Shabuwah and
then another on Taruwah.
These will occur on either May, May, May,
May, May, May, May, May, May, May, May,
May
According to Yasha'yah,
rabbis will be scheming against the
Almighty and their brethren right to the
bitter end.
This reads, should you agree to come?
Or it says, you should agree to come.
The order of the words is important,
isn't it?
You should agree to come,
consenting to assemble together to change
things around
I have decided to obtain and accept
intoxication with the confusion and
insobriety of wine.
So we have chosen to habitually be
inebriated,
constantly consuming alcohol and other
sundry liquors to the point of
incapacitated judgment through these
fermented libations.
Therefore,
it will be and he will exist like
this day tomorrow.
If the days to come are opposed and
delayed to a significant extent for the
thousands of remnants.
Wow, it's quite a conclusion there.
So the testimony regarding inebriation
doesn't say that they're alcoholics.
What it says is they want to incapacitate
judgment.
And you do that by spewing toxic
testimony.
It is the consequence of religion,
the consequence of conspiracy,
and to a large degree,
the consequence of politics.
You spew toxic rhetoric and you will
incapacitate people's judgment.
And so this is God saying that those
who do so have chosen to do so.
It is their desire to incapacitate
people's ability to think and that they're
going to continue to spew such toxic,
toxins and poisons.
Therefore,
it says here that their goal was for
it to exist and him to be just
as it is this day also tomorrow and
they say if the days to come are
opposed and if they are delayed to a
significant extent for thousands of
remnants well that's a demoniacal ambition
I will tell you for sure
So this translation proved to be an
interesting exercise in voice, pronouns,
moods, and defining roots.
This analysis begins by recognizing that
this is presented as a quote to cite
the mindset of the dishonest shepherds who
were rebuked in the preceding statement.
Their intent is to incapacitate the
judgment of those they intend to beguile,
literally intoxicating them with their
debilitating rhetoric.
They are knowingly peddling their
delusions to the detriment of those
they're confusing.
In fact,
by using the imperative and the cohort of
moods,
God is reporting that these malcontents
have literally decided on their own
initiative to be inebriating.
Now we're to perpetrate a incapacitating
fraud and they expect their followers to
capitulate.
The most intriguing aspect of this comes
from Bachar.
because it is a compound of ma to
ponder the implications of a car,
which is to delay, to defer, to hinder,
and to cause many to hesitate and be
left behind.
In this context,
this means that the mother goddess ilk is
committed to debilitating Yahowah's nakar,
observant foreigner,
to such an extent that thousands of
Yahuwdym and Goyim,
who would otherwise benefit from these end
gatherings,
in addition to the final remnant of
Yisrael to be purged of their guilt on
Taruwah, will makar, hesitate,
because their judgment will have been
incapacitated.
With the waters muddled and now toxic with
embittered slander,
many potential beneficiaries will be
hindered according to God,
with others delayed such that they're left
behind,
unable to capitalize on God's gift and
plan.
And therein is the essence of this
argument.
That's why.
The Mother Goddess click is so despised by
God.
Beyond this specific warning,
the proceeding is also an admonition not
to be swept up by the inertia of
the normalcy syndrome.
With all evidence to the contrary
throughout history,
and even with debilitating examples
recently,
people tend to believe that with
for the course of days, months, and years,
that nothing much will change.
They have been lulled into the opinion
that tomorrow will be as today,
but that is not the case,
especially as we move into the time of
Israel's troubles.
Therefore, Yahowah is telling us that
Many obstacles will be tossed in the path
of those who would otherwise benefit from
ha-Nakar.
And more still will remain inebriated with
incapacitated judgment,
such that they are lured into a false
sense of security.
Fortunately,
Yahowah is not playing a numbers game.
He never has, he never will.
He knows that the naysayers will continue
to hold sway over the deluded masses who
are now, well,
less than eight years away from drawing
their last breath.
With all evidence and reason having no
effect on most of them and being
indifferent to the very word of God,
the only rational option
is for Yahowah to value quality over
quantity.
This brings us to the next chapter,
which in the great Isaiah scroll isn't
separated by so much as a punctuation
mark, a period.
One thought parlays into the next.
Yahowah's outreach through Ha-Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
will continue to be directed at those
willing to invest the time to be right
about God and who approach with an open
and clear mind.
The most devoted of these highly valued
souls will soon vanish during the Shabuwah
harvest.
and when they are withdrawn to be with
Yahowah on the Shabbat of May,
the very beginning of the time of Israel's
troubles or on the Shabbat of June,
as a horde of Muslims flood into Israel
for the great jihad.
According to God,
hardly anyone will notice
although there will be one group of people
embittered over it.
Now,
this is why we directed our attention to
Yahowah's portrayal of the Asaph,
this in-gathering in Yasha'yah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Then the text reads,
the right and the vindicated, ha-Tsadaq,
the correct and innocent, will vanish,
disappearing,
such that those who remain will not know
where they have gone.
Abad,
their whereabouts becomes unknown as they
go missing and appear to be lost,
having been carried away at that moment.
An actuality called perfect.
No one will give it any thought or
meaningfully ponder the implications.
No one examines or questions this or takes
it to heart.
Loyal
devoted individuals just said people who
are favored loving kind and steadfast will
be harvested gathered together and taken
away during the Asaph in gathering they
will be withdrawn removed and received
this is the nifl participle uh that's an
important distinction we'll get to that in
a moment well no one makes the connection
to comprehend why
Ain't been with no one cognizant of the
reason nor understanding the implications.
For indeed away from the presence of this
evil shepherding,
this disastrous calamity caused by
troublesome former compatriots and
miserable companions who were wickedly
wrong.
Those who are correct,
upright and innocent
will be gathered in the harvest,
removed and received.
Akath, be taken away, to be withdrawn.
Assembled and brought together during an
in-gathering.
Nifl, perfect, third person,
masculine singular.
Addressing ha-Tsadaq,
which is masculine singular.
Now this statement and the one that
follows is conclusive.
in affirming that the Asaph in-gathering
will be of human souls.
And during the most prolific of these,
which is the Shabuwah Qatsyr,
those who are Tsadaq write about Yahowah and
his Torah teaching, his Beryth covenant,
and his Mowedym, restoring witnesses,
will be Abad.
They're gonna vanish.
They will abad,
they will disappear such that those who
remain will not know their whereabouts.
Now with the use of abad,
we are also afforded an insight into the
disposition of our physical bodies.
Since it is often rendered perished and
destroyed,
this suggests that once our nephesh souls
depart,
our lifeless flesh
will simply cease to exist.
This is because we must shed our Basar
bodies to participate in the Shabuwah
harvest.
A physical body cannot enter the fourth,
fifth,
or sixth dimensions and root to the
seventh in Shamaym.
When we are less, we are much,
much more.
Also interesting,
Abad was scribed in the call perfect,
indicating that the Tsadaq, correct,
will actually vanish at this point in
time,
with this transpiring with a definite
beginning and a finite conclusion.
There is no nuance in this result.
The outcome is presented as real and not
as a metaphor.
Further,
the fact that Tsadaq is masculine and
realizing that Abad was scribed in the
third person masculine singular,
this affirms that those who are correct
are the ones who are going to be
carried away and disappear.
The key to participation is being Tsadaq
right about God.
About his covenant, about the Mowedym,
about his beloved Bekor, firstborn son.
The reason Tsadaq is repeated is because
it's the key to deliverance.
Those who participate in this in-gathering
will all be right about their
relationship.
They will be correct regarding the
covenant.
They will be guiltless by having relied
upon the Miqraey that Dowd fulfilled.
Sharing what we have learned in this
regard, of course, is our purpose.
It's why we're here.
On a planet whose inhabitants are numbered
above eight billion human souls,
with fewer than one in a million extracted
on Shabuwah.
The relatively few who are withdrawn will
barely constitute a ripple in the ocean.
Some will no doubt notice their
disappearance,
but in a world essentially devoid of
analytical researchers and diligent
journalists,
few if any will ponder the implications.
souls are invisible to our eyes in fact
into any technology we have devised and
even scientific detection methods can't
ascertain what they are comprised so as
our bodies vanish and our souls depart
there's going to be nothing to see nothing
to report news at eleven nothing happened
to nobody.
We have no proof.
They simply disappeared.
By describing the in-gathering as Ish
Chesed,
individuals who are loyal and steadfast,
Yahowah is reinforcing something that I
didn't appreciate and certainly didn't
recognize prior to December of twenty
twenty four.
You see,
it was then that a dozen former
associates, including my publicist,
editor, webmaster, and media manager,
Paul Bolt,
to assuage their fragile egos and on
behalf of a jealous and embittered woman
who was at the time vying for,
crying for attention,
presenting herself as a victim when she
was the victimizer.
Now, prior to this,
I had thought that once covenant,
always so, but that isn't the case,
not according to God.
Yahowah is only willing to accept those
that he can depend upon.
It's a lesson that we learned in
reassessing what occurred in Gan Eden and
why God calls the fall of man.
He wants us to demonstrate that we are
loyal, we're devoted, we can be trusted.
Eternity is a very long time,
and God isn't interested in spending his
nor taking the risk of those who are
not responsible.
He is reliable and steadfast,
and so he naturally expects the same in
us.
This is the message of Gan Eden.
It is why we're returning.
We have another opportunity to get this
right.
As further evidence of this,
consider Miriam.
She was called a prophet, prophetess,
when she led the woman's chorus during the
Song of the Sea after crossing the Gulf
of Aqaba during the Exodus.
But then she was berated by God.
She was banished.
She was stricken with leprosy,
and she was subject to a final divorce.
all for having challenged her brother and
demeaned his wife,
that brother being Moshe.
Now this connection between devious and
conniving women, then and now,
is one Yahowah does not want us to
miss.
That is why he has repeated the reference
to the ongoing problem of ra'ah,
of disastrous shepherds here.
It is from their presence that those who
are right are being harvested right before
them on Shabuwah.
We will be forever parting company with
the presence of this miserable and
malignant contingent of toxic
conspirators.
while they are here and expecting to be
gleaned or harvest,
we are going to be taken and they're
going to be left and it's gonna drive
them crazy, according to God.
This is one of the times where it
becomes impossible to dis-join this rebuke
from the mother goddess in her cult.
Therefore, according to God,
those who bailed on Yahowah and his
children with so much left to be
accomplished and then viciously turned
against both,
changing Yahowah's name while maligning the
tree of knowledge, well,
they're going to be excluded from the
Shabuwah harvest.
And they,
as irrational and belligerent as they have
become, will not comprehend why.
They will be left as we are a
shof, brought together,
removed and received during this
in-gathering.
However,
they will not be alone because the overtly
political,
conspiratorial and religious prefer
believing to reasoning.
They prefer faith to facts.
And as a result,
they will remain clueless,
which really is as it should be.
They are not redeemable.
Byn escapes them.
And it is by Byn,
evidence and reason that we come to know
God or not at all.
Now,
as a result of this fracture and what
I had wrongly perceived as family,
Yahowah directed our attention back to the
Garden of Eden.
where Adam and Chawah also proved unworthy
because they were unreliable.
This is the reason that Yahowah caused the
fall of man,
only to give us the opportunity
to demonstrate that we are both worth his
attention, would listen, could be trusted,
and we're motivated to make an ongoing
contribution to the relationship,
and that we should be allowed back into
the garden,
following Taruwah and Kipurym to be given
another chance.
It is why the tree of knowledge exists.
It's why the Choter has been inspired to
share his fruit.
We will be afforded
another one thousand years under ideal
circumstances to prepare the surviving
mortal remnant to earn Yahowah's trust so
that he can equip and enable those who
are worth the risk such that they can
journey off this planet with God and
explore the universe with him.
A very noble undertaking, is it not?
Continuing to examine every nuance of
God's timely message so that we get this
right.
Note that the phrase,
no one will consider the implications,
was also written in the call perfect.
This means that when the harvest
transpires,
we can be assured that in the aftermath
of our departure,
there will be no cogent response,
at least at this time.
then it really gets interesting with a
cough taken away during the harvest it was
scribed in the nifl participle and as a
result we discovered that those who will
benefit from the end gathering will have
contributed to their own highly favorable
outcome through their diligence
You know,
the Niphal stem says that the subject not
only participates in the action,
but causes the outcome.
And so it's a both,
it's a cause and effect sort of thing.
We cause it, we benefit from it.
So God's saying it's not by random chance
that some were taken and others were not.
It's
very much based upon our own willingness
to make a meaningful contribution.
It's kind of a neat idea, really.
And that, yeah,
I was saying you'll earn it.
And what could be better?
I mean, it's, I guess,
lovely that God would say,
I want to give you eternal life and
I want to
Rid you of all religious gunk and adopt
you into my family and empower,
enrich you.
This is my gift to you.
Yeah, nice.
Thank you.
Okay.
It's like a rich father gives their son
and daughter a Ferrari,
and here's the keys,
and the father pays the insurance,
the gas,
provides the garage and everything else,
and that the son or daughter contributes
nada.
And such cars have a tendency to last
through most of the weekend.
They're not valued.
The kid doesn't wash them.
The kid doesn't wax them.
The kid doesn't maintain them.
The kid doesn't drive them with a sense
of respect and responsibility.
But if you've worked for it and you've
made a contribution,
even if your dad picks up the majority
of the cost,
but you've made a tremendous contribution
to it,
and you're engaged in this process,
then you have a sense of appreciation.
That's what God wants.
He wants everyone who is part of
Forevermore to know they made a
contribution to be there.
Our sense of satisfaction,
our sense of feeling we're part of this,
we're all in this together.
We have a sense of accomplishment.
We know we've done something that pleased
our God.
All of this contributes to the idea of
why this harvest was scribed in the Nifl
participle.
Participle means that it's the process of
this end gathering is not only highly
demonstrable for those who are
participating in it,
but they are defined by it.
So while Yahowah has answered the question
we came to resolve,
he's not done reinforcing his point.
The Tsadaq, correct and vindicated,
will abad,
vanish during the Asaph harvest because
they remain Chesed, loyal, and devoted,
and are favored for being steadfast.
And they will be men, pene,
removed from the presence of the ra'ah,
this miserable time and malignant people.
In addition, the mother goddesses,
a world's cadre of religious clerics,
political leaders,
societal and social influencers,
as well as those caught up in the
nonsensical frenzy of posting away online.
Well,
they will have and will continue to make
a mess of things.
They will have placed themselves and the
planet in irreconcilable death spirals,
either by their activity or their
inactivity.
If not for Yahowah's intervention on Taruwah
in year six thousand Yah,
in twenty thirty three,
earth would become desolate.
Since it's important,
I want to affirm that the ra'ah from
which the right-minded and steadfast are
being withdrawn are comprised of
malevolent malcontents.
Ra'ah depicts the degradation of judgment.
and of leadership,
such that many operate without morality.
It predicts an inverted mindset where
wrong is seen as right and bad is
somehow considered good.
This is suggestive that Yahowah is
therefore familiar with
Day on X,
in addition to the toxic drivel that comes
out of this click that is so desirous
of besmirching all that we have achieved.
Now,
as the ra'ah rottenness festers and this
malignancy metastasizes,
there will be no point to the continued
presence of the Tsadaq, of the Beryth,
remaining on the earth at this very
moment.
Not only will the plethora of contrarian
voices and adverse conditions be too
caustic for us to be heard above their
roar,
for those who would otherwise listen,
to become salvageable,
they will have to hit rock bottom.
And far few will consider the alternative
to man prior to the point that they
despair of hope.
that was only going to transpire when they
realized that a political or religious
solution to this carnage they are
witnessing and enduring just isn't
possible you know sometimes we have to
even with children allow them to hit rock
bottom before they will seek help god
actually wants us to stumble so that we
can prove we have the wherewithal to get
back up all the while
The earth will not be left without a
voice or a witness because our testimony
will remain published in, well,
at Yada Yahowah, throughout these books,
presented at yadayah.com and streamed on
the Yahowah blog.
It's not going anywhere.
Moreover, in due time,
the witnesses will return in opposition to
the religious and political views.
while we give voice to Yahowah's last call,
last call out of Babylon.
Therefore,
our removal during Shabuwah is really best
for everyone.
The residue will continue to fall to the
point where a few at least will be
willing to reject man and choose God.
All the while,
the Tsadaq will be given a well-earned
respite along with the opportunity to,
well, to learn more.
Comprehensive education so that we are
prepared for the stretch run right to the
finish line.
Showing consistency.
Yahowah reminds us that by using the nifl
stem a second time as the concluding verb,
that those who are asaph,
gathered in the harvest and withdrawn by
him, will be received because, well,
they contributed to this in-gathering.
We're also being reminded that ha-Tsadaq,
those who are vindicated,
will be innocent, which means not guilty,
because they will be right about God,
which means that they are correct
regarding Yahowah, his son, Dowd,
and they are
capitalizing on all they have offered and
achieved.
The contrast between those taken and left
during Shabuwah will become the ultimate
expression of right versus wrong.
Devoted and compassionate as compared to
malignant and maniacal.
Aware and engaged as opposed to oblivious
and apathetic.
the snow?
Are you prepared?
Are you willing to be among the few
advancing God's solution?
Or are you contributing to the problem as
they counterproductive and damning
influence?
Lots of those aren't there.
As the earth plunges into darkness,
swallowed in deceit,
destruction and death.
Yahowah says to those contributing to and
participating in the Sukkot gathering that
they will arrive, they will bow,
they will come and they will be included,
called imperfect, ongoing implications,
very literal interpretation,
reconciled and restored and act.
intact and healthy, satisfied and content,
blessed and prosperous,
in favorable circumstances and saved.
Shalom.
Completely safe and sound.
God wants us to know that just because
the others don't know where we have gone,
that where we are going is going to
be shalom.
Satisfying.
Favorable.
They will be spiritually restored and
comfortably settled within his restful
environs,
moving about and walking around while
conducting their lives in a manner which
is right, honest, fitting, and proper,
truthful, sincere, appropriate, justified,
and honorable, YasHayah Isaiah,
fifty-seven, two.
Shabuwah shalom.
Akaph shalom.
The Tsadaq will bow.
The right will come and find shalom,
tranquility.
From a planet rife with ra'ah, rotten,
we will take the right of a lifetime
to shalom, tranquility.
Yahowah is withdrawing his covenant
contributors from the rot.
whereby God's son and daughters will enjoy
the most satisfying circumstances
imaginable.
Shamaym will be to our liking.
We have God's promise on it.
Reconciliation and renewal await those who
are being received.
I've always perceived heaven as a place
where
We're up, we're active,
and that's being reinforced here by Halak
moving about.
And since our inclusion will be predicated
upon being Tsadaq, right,
it is to be expected that Shamaym,
this spiritual realm,
will accommodate those that are Nakal,
fitting and proper.
It is my hope and indeed God's expectation
that those who invest the time to read,
read these volumes of Yada Yahowah.
Know about what is going to befall this
planet.
Recognize who God is, what he's offering,
what he's expecting in return.
that those who do this are going to
be vindicated.
And we're going to exit this planet
together such that we do not have to
endure what those who remain will
experience.
And it's going to be nasty out there.
There will be pestilence and there will be
war,
natural disasters and human malfeasance,
runaway inflation and economic collapse.
all while the world promotes its favorite
conspiracy.
Blame the Jews.
Specifically addressing the clique of
malcontent conspiratorialists who sought
to claim that this Shabuwah harvest was
theirs, that it belonged to them.
voice of the mother goddess is so shrill
on this point all while disparaging yada
now dote even Yahowah and transforming the
ruach condemning the thirty five books
that are part of yada Yahowah all under
false pretenses we find god outing and
lambasting them
But as for all of you,
those of you who are still present,
wanting to approach,
very important is how this was written.
Qarab,
you who want to draw near by presenting
your case,
call imperative second person plural
active, which means,
This is what they are opining for.
This is what they crave.
At this time,
you are the children of false pretenses.
You're under the spell of an Anan,
a demonic woman,
deliberately conjuring a false spirit to
obscure reality and to blow smoke.
as a sorceress.
bnei Anan,
you are the offspring of a female who
is genuinely and intensely committed to
pursuing a demonic spirit to actually
occlude observation through sleight of
hand and fortune telling.
Poel, peal, call, participle, feminine,
singular, active and absolute.
as the seed, the offspring,
the product of naph,
the adulterous one who is unfaithful,
disloyal, unreliable, indeed religious.
The ones soliciting lovers by way of
idolatry and the veneration of false gods
and spirits
This one is Peel, participle, singular,
masculine, absolute and active.
And the Zanah, the Zanah,
the despised whore,
the loathed woman prostituting her
Despicable nature by pandering to her
partners for favors, bribes.
The shunned and scorned harlot and the
immoral prostitute who feigns love for
adulation and money.
Doing so consistently,
call imperfect third person, feminine,
singular, active.
YasHayah, Isaiah, fifty-seven, three.
one of the most intriguing, pertinent,
important prophecies ever issued.
Yahowah's assessment is directed
specifically towards those who are both
ra'ah,
acting like evil shepherds and troublesome
compatriots.
who are wickedly wrong,
and those who are trying to ascertain why
others were taken when they were left
behind during Shabuwah.
We know this to be true because God
said, but as for all of you,
those of you who are still present,
desiring to approach at this time,
Now,
especially relevant in this regard is that
Qarab is in the imperative mode.
And that reveals that these people wanted
to be part of this harvest.
And that means they knew about it.
And they coveted it while being excluded
from it.
They knew about it.
They coveted it.
and they were excluded from it.
As such,
this places a bull's eye on the mother
goddess conspiratorial clique.
There is no rational way to deny the
realization that the people Yahowah is
denouncing for having fallen under the
spell of an Anon
a demonic woman conjuring false spirits is
directing our attention to the malcontents
congregating around this powers known as
D.
This cannot represent religious Jews
because there are just no in gatherings of
souls
associated with Judaism anywhere on the
calendar, much less on Shabuwah.
So they're not going to be anticipating a
harvest.
They're not going to be wondering why they
were not taken and concerned because this
was something they wanted to participate
in.
It cannot represent religious Jews or any
cultural Jew.
Furthermore,
It can't be Christians either.
Why?
Because the rapture is on Taruwah,
on trumpets.
Misled by Peter and Paul,
Christians believe that Shabuwah was
fulfilled as Pentecost with the birth of
their church.
And in addition,
Paul claimed that the rapture would occur
on trumpets.
Uh-oh.
Having eliminated religious Jews and
faithful Christians from the mix,
we also know that this despised clique of
Zanah, of the despised whore,
can neither be numerous nor have a
significant audience.
Why?
Because this repudiation of them
if so,
would be in conflict with the previous
statements where we learned that
relatively few were going to be paying
attention.
It's just this one little group that knew
of it, missed it,
and yet wanted to be part of it,
but were left behind.
Therefore,
apart from the irritatingly negative
antagonism towards those who will be Asaph
withdrawn,
This is an otherwise meaningless cast of
fools devoid of understanding,
but they placed themselves in the wrong
position at the wrong time with the wrong
adversary making erroneous claims.
That said,
we must also confirm the realization that
this
And what follows isn't just among the
longest, it is the longest.
It is the most detailed and vitriolic
condemnation found anywhere in the Torah
and prophets.
Therefore,
this otherwise irrelevant assemblage of
miscreants that have garnered Yahowah's
unbridled animosity have done so.
because of their stated aversion and
outright denial of his Nakar,
observant foreigner,
and God's plans pursuant to the Shabuwah
cat seer.
That is why God now hates them with
a passion that is unlike anything we have
ever read.
The whole of Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah,
Isaiah, Isaiah,
in Genesis two, Numbers twelve,
and Second Samuel six.
DP and her embittered conspiratorialist
cult,
they alone have claimed Shabuwah as their
harvest while writing themselves out of
it.
Well, it seems like
Such an insignificant number of worthless
humans,
the two dozen lost souls operating under
the influence of this mother goddess,
will somehow cause,
through their intermixing of truth and
deception,
upwards of one thousand Jews to hesitate.
Relative to,
they harvest such that their progress is
impeded and they are left behind.
Yahowah views this not only as
unforgivable, but worse,
as we shall soon see, damnable.
Therefore,
the cadre of characterless co-conspirators
who will be left behind at this time,
while expecting to have been part of the
in-gathering,
are said to be children of false pretenses
under the spell of a demonic woman,
deliberately conjuring false spirits to
obscure reality and to blow smoke.
That's really bad.
And this does not help.
Beni Anan,
you are the offspring of a woman who
is intensely committed to pursuing a
demonic spirit,
to occlude observation through sleight of
hand and fortune telling.
Folks, Anan is a sorceress.
And so that's worse.
In the participle form,
Anon is a derogatory title,
depicting someone who is, by God's view,
demonic.
In the Poel stem, these beguiled by her,
rather than being seen as victims of her
seduction, well,
they're presented as collaborating with
her.
Under false pretenses,
they will willfully and knowingly deceive
while trying to obfuscate the truth.
This means that they are equally committed
to promoting their demonic diatribes as
they are to slandering those who have
earned the right to participate in the
harvest.
From this point forward,
and inclusive of anon, sorceress, indeed,
throughout this entire denunciation,
with only minor exceptions,
every verb is presented in the second
person, feminine, singular.
And this is all the way through,
statement after statement,
indictment after indictment,
verb after verb.
Therefore,
addressing one very nasty woman that
Yahowah has already says is a non-demonic.
That he has said is Zanah, a whore.
That's something I have not witnessed
previously in twenty-four years of
translating.
Clearly.
There's no escaping the fact.
that God hates this woman.
The exceptions, well,
begin here with Qorach,
revealing that both men and women have
opted of their own free will to anger
the Almighty while operating under her
spell.
Further,
we find Na’aph revealing that the
degenerate woman has a male accomplice,
someone who is unfaithful.
disloyal, unreliable,
and seen as religious.
And indeed, well, she does.
We'll call DP's cohort David Crud because
he is her chief solicitor and enabler.
Without him,
the sorceress has no influence.
He's the one that actually took down not
once but twice
the site with all of its books freely
offered.
He put his own agenda and that of
this demonic woman that he serves ahead of
God.
David Crud is therefore the spawn of the
Anon, the sorceress, making him Na’aph.
Someone who venerates false gods from the
only actual God's perspective.
I'm sharing this with you.
I am just the messenger.
And the lead devotee of the mother's
goddess called his goal is to seek lovers
for the sorceress,
drawing people in to venerate with her.
All of his letters,
all of his phone calls,
that is what they do.
That's what he has been doing for over
a year now.
And the examples are copious.
They're undeniable.
I've even shared some of them on these
programs in the past.
With the Naqaph written using the Peale
participle, there is no refuting that D.
Crud has earned his dubious distinction.
of being disloyal and unreliable,
especially while enabling the anon,
the sorceress, this demonic woman.
And that is exactly what we have
witnessed.
I have letters and other evidence to prove
it,
including screenshots when he took down
the YadaYahowah site.
Now this brings us to our third successive
participle, a verbal noun,
a descriptive title, Zanah.
It means loathed woman.
Therefore, in addition to being an anon,
demonic woman, the devil's advocate,
the subject of Yahowah's ire is a Zanah,
a despised whore.
She's an ah,
panders to her partners for favors and
bribes.
She is a scorned harlot and a miserable
prostitute,
feigning adulation and love for money.
And that is precisely our experience with
this very DP.
Now,
as we press forward with our evaluation of
this prophecy, let's...
remain grounded within the context of that
which has been delivered.
And so I am going to,
on our next program,
take you right back to the beginning of
this and run right through to where we
are,
because I want you to recognize that every
statement that Yahowah makes hereafter is
specifically directed at them.
Well,
I view them as insignificant as navel
lint.
God doesn't, and he is disgusted by them.
And ultimately,
not only is he going to tell us
that he is dispatching them to Sheowl,
which is hell,
but even after he tells us that,
he continues to rant.
Never in the entirety of the prophets will
you see anything
that it made God this angry.
So congratulations, ladies.
You've really dug yourself in this time.
We'll return to this topic,
one of the most interesting prophecies
ever revealed,
as we continue our story about returning
to the garden,
who will and who will not,
in another episode of the Yahowah Vlog.
Thank you for listening.